[Music]
Hey
are you always on the lookout for things
that can make your life a little easier
then hey you're in the right place
removing splinters with the help of glue
no problem
lighting candles with spaghetti dime how
about using dental floss for slicing
cheese check wow I feel a little like a
cross between MacGyver and Tim the
Toolman Taylor
now you might find it difficult to
accept that such low budget and simple
tricks could work at all well if you
don't believe me then hide in the bushes
and watch thieves
number one when going on a trip bring
along a couple of close pins you can use
them to prevent your toothbrush from
touching a dirty bathroom counter two
rubber bands wrapped around the ends of
your coat hangers will keep your clothes
from slipping off three put a muffin pan
into a laundry basket and you'll get a
great tray for holding numerous drinks
for a big party they won't spill even if
you're driving for to make iced coffee
at home pour some coffee into an ice
cube tray and freeze it then add these
cubes to your cold coffee and instead of
diluting your drink coffee cubes will
enhance its flavor 5 to make sour cream
and cottage cheese last twice as long
turn the containers upside down when you
put them in the fridge this way you form
a vacuum inside which prevents bacteria
from spreading 6 if you've lost the
protective plastic cap for your razor
you can replace it with a big paper clip
usually it would fit perfectly and save
you from potential injuries 7 if you run
bacon under cold water before cooking
you'll reduce the chances that it'll
shrink by half 8 if you don't have a
steamer or an iron on hand hang your
wrinkled clothes in the bathroom and
take a hot shower the windows and the
door must be closed and the steam
shouldn't be able to leave through the
space under the door the shower will
work in the same way as a steamer does
and you'll also save time by
multitasking
9 to make your drink cooldown fast
wrap it in a wet kitchen towel and put
in the freezer for about 10 minutes 10 -
separate egg whites from yolks during
cooking you can buy a special egg
separator or you can use an ordinary
plastic bottle crack an egg onto a plate
squeeze the bottle and position its
opening over the yolk after you release
your grip the yolk will get sucked up
into the bottle 11 you can relieve the
unbearable itchiness from a mosquito
bite by putting a tiny dab of clear nail
polish on it 12 you won't cry so much
while chopping onions if you pop some
chewing gum in your mouth this way
you'll have to breathe through your
mouth and it'll stop most of the tears
13 corn starch will help you to untangle
even the most difficult knots sprinkle
your tangled laces with a pinch of corn
starch and work the knot apart 14 if a
candle has burned too low and you can't
reach the wick any more light an
uncooked spaghetti and use it to light
hard-to-reach candles it also works if
you need to light a lot of candles at
once
happy birthday 15 a knife is often
ineffective if you need to cut some soft
food for example cheese or cake instead
you can use unscented dental floss just
make sure to pull out a length that's
long enough to sink into the piece
you're cutting you'll get smooth and
even slices 16 if you tend to sleep
right through your phone's alarm in the
morning put your gadget into a cup
before you get ready for bed the alarm
will reverberate inside the cup and
sound louder plus you'll have to open
your eyes to turn the annoying noise off
17 beeswax is a great way to make your
shoes waterproof just cover the outside
of your shoes with wax and use a
hairdryer to make it set instead of
beeswax you can't use a crayon or a
candle of the same color as your
Footwear 18 go grab a walnut as soon as
you see a scratch on your wooden
furniture
the nut out of its shell break it in
half and rub it diagonally into the
scratch the oils contained in nuts will
fill in the damaged place Brazil nuts
and pecans will work just as well 19 if
suddenly you see a news it appear on
your skin and you have no other products
at hand use toothpaste dab a bit on the
pimple and it'll most likely disappear
or become much smaller by the morning 20
scare spiders and mice away by
sprinkling your doorframes and your
garage with peppermint oil mixed with
water
21 statistically hair bands get lost
more often than any other things in this
world actually I just made that up but
you can argue that a hair band is never
around when you need one the solution is
simple stash your stock on a keyring 22
lip balm can not only protect your lips
but also heal tiny but insanely
uncomfortable paper cuts apply some lip
balm on the damaged area and it'll ease
the pain and discomfort by keeping the
air from hitting the nerves 23 are you
gonna get a new kitty and are worried
about the feelings of your older cat
before introducing them to each other
bathe the kitten and groom it with the
other cat's brush the older cat will
sniff its own scent on the kitten and
warm up to the little one 24 rub the
teeth of a stuck zipper with a graphite
pencil and it'll work again 25 if you
don't want your pencil to crumble while
you're sharpening it leave it in the
freezer for several minutes before you
start 26 before you make a photocopy of
an important signed document put a paper
clip on it this way you'll always manage
to tell the copy from the original
27 if you glue a magnet to the end of
your hammer you'll be able to use it as
a nail holder this way you won't end up
stepping on lost and sharp at that metal
objects 28 to make a perfect toasted
sandwich put two slices of bread in one
toaster slot the slices will get toasty
and gold and browned on the outside and
stay soft and tender on the inside
29 picking sticky notes from the bottom
makes them curl in strategically
important places where the adhesive is
tri starting on the left and pulling the
note to the right this way you'll get a
flatline note which will easily stick to
your monitor fridge wall and whatnot 30
cut a tennis ball open and stuff it with
dog treats it'll keep your pooch
entertained for hours 31 place a magnet
behind your light switch next to the
entrance door and it'll hold your keys
this way you won't have to search for
them every morning 32 when your favorite
perfume is about to finish add the last
drops of it to your body lotion 33
common school glue will help you remove
a splinter just pour a blob of glue on
the damaged area and let it dry then
when you peel the glue off the splinter
will most likely come out as well 34 to
make someone agree when you're asking
for something slightly nod your head
while talking psychologists call it
mirroring and you're more likely to get
a positive answer if you use this
technique 35 while reheating rice wrap
it in a wet paper towel this will soften
even the hardest rice 36 hang a tennis
ball on a string tied your garage
ceiling position so that it'll come in
contact with your windshield in front of
your face it'll prevent you from
accidentally hitting the front wall with
your bumper
37 all you need to make a fort at home
is a large sheet and a fan inflating it
even if you don't have kids such a Ford
is still a fun thing to have 38 if
there's a blackout and you have neither
a flashlight nor a candle you can use a
tin of Crisco fat place a candle wick or
just a piece of string in the middle of
the Fulton and light the thing up rumor
has it that such a handmade candle can
burn for up to 45 days 39 to save some
space in your drawers store your clothes
vertically it'll also be easier to see
what you have 40 divide your soup
leftovers into single portions and
freeze them this way you'll always have
a nice lunch if you don't have time to
cook and finally if you need to go out
in the rain but don't have a raincoat
take this tip from the terminator simply
lower yourself into a big vat of rubber
cement and not only will you have a nice
new coating you'll stay very dry now I
actually just made that up
don't do that alright how about you do
you have any other cool life tricks in
stock let me know down in the comments
if you learned something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend but hey don't go do the rubber
cement thing ever we have over 2000 cool
videos for you to check out all you have
to do is pick the left or right video
click on it and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life